Add Non-Replicated and Replicated Query Terminology to Smart Contract Call Page (#2762)
dfinity/portal: docs/developer-docs/smart-contracts/call/overview.mdx

Certified queries use certified variables to prove the authenticity of a piece of data that comes along with the query's response. Certified variables can be set via an update call and can then be read via a query call.

### Replicated queries

> Replicated queries, also referred to as "query-as-update" execution mode, are query calls executed as updates. The queries still discard the state changes, but execution happens on all nodes and the execution results go through consensus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replicated queries, also referred to as the "query-as-update" execution model, are query calls executed as updates. The query still discards the state changes, but execution happens on all subnet nodes and the results go through consensus.
```
